she's the biggest meerkat they've ever
seen
and require serious examination she's
been made to smell like the colony so
they three assured each D different
volunteer set up a crash giving all the
child support and mother could wish for
this year rules including sentry duty it
demands concentration and it's easy to
lose focus and sometimes it's good to
have someone watching your back
being a sentry is a risky business as
they are easy targets for predators but
with young pups to protect they take
greater risks by climbing higher here
they can see predators earlier but are
vulnerable to birds of prey their
self-sacrifice is about to be tested
but this is no ordinary cobra it's a spy
cobra with no regard for her own safety
she prepares to face the snake
[Music]
she react as she would to the real thing
bravely protecting the colony with no
thought for herself her aim is to harass
the snake into leaving but the spy snake
holding it's growing the meerkat calls
for reinforcements this is where
fraternity comes into its own
[Music]
an intimidating wall of meerkats face up
to spy Cobra
[Music]
they push their luck as far as the deer
goading the snake to strike
[Music]
real snakes ty are easily so it's a
matter of wearing it down but one
meerkat senses there's something
different about this circuit in me Lu
can move like a real snake but it shows
no sign of leaving spy snake has been
well and truly rumbled satisfied he's
harmless the meerkats go back to what
the enjoy best relaxing among friends
[Music]
[Applause]